OSDOCS-2443: Adding support for installing a cluster to AWS China regions (#35550)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-about-china-region.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-china.adoc

[id="installation-aws-about-china-region_{context}"]
= Installation requirements

To install to an AWS China region:

> * You must create and upload a custom Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS) Amazon Machine Image (AMI). AWS China regions do not have a published RHCOS AMI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must create and upload a custom {op-system-first} Amazon Machine Image (AMI). AWS China regions do not have a published {op-system} AMI.
```

Author: Thank you.

* You must manually create the installation configuration file (install-config.yaml) to specify:
** The region to which you are installing the cluster.

> ** The custom RHCOS (AMI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The custom {op-system} (AMI).
```
